Proof is for Mathematics. Believing does not require proof.
That is entirely up to you but since you asked, I would want you to slightly concentrate on Mathematics.
Kaboobly Doo!
Are modern Calculus books Kaboobly Doo?
How long is my kitchen?
I prefer clever girls but being clever, they do not prefer me.
That is the question. To sin he must know it is wrong at the time and he must do it anyway. He does not know it is wrong, so I guess he is just a big menace to society.
Hmmm, I guess I would have made an interesting biography, if only I had been interesting enough for someone else to want to write it or read it.
There is disturbing evidence that clones of me are attempting to demean my reputation by making math and spelling errors on other forums Then you will get a poor grade. Everyone will laugh at you. I will bar you from the forum. Alokananda will think you are a dummy. Your parents will hate you. A large lizard will eat you because you are so stupid. He will then cause a large asteroid to hit the earth essentially destroying it.This will cause a chain reaction and our whole galaxy will explode.
Do you see how foolish worrying about something that will not even happen is now?
Yes, and I've Kaboobled it.
Dead phone here.
I see everything.
Privacy is an illussion. We are being watched.
M and m are the same thing.
Keep annoying me and you'll get none of my famous chicken and rice.
I am just kidding with you. I appreciate everything you have done to make the forum a happy place for me and others. You are such a light personality, a true friend.
Hi Tigeree
I am ancient.
I am young at heart.
Today's topic is transparent soap.
You have made another human being happy. There is no greater accomplishment.
I always wished there were more gay men... That would leave all the girls to me. Unfortunately, many guys refused to comply and they ended up stealing most of my gf's.
in the right light I am cute too.
Come to annoy me over here, have you?
Okay, for you I will tell.
When I tested it caused a stir. The colonel who was conducting the tests said either I was darn near a genius or I was slightly smarter than an apple. They could not figure which was true so they tested me again. This chart explains the results:
Bonzo the chimp
Bertha the chimp
Busby the chimp
Beyonce - Rihanna - Spears a tie!
Paris Hilton
lemur
bobbym
apple
combined IQ's of the US senate
a pear
a peach pit
amoeba
My parents and teachers were outraged, they shook their fists at him and threatened to disembowel him. But he brought soldiers with him that escorted him out safely. Everyone tried to comfort me, do not listen to him they said, we all know you are a genius and will accomplish great things. I sure showed them!
Yes, I was attracted to counting and the mathematics behind it. 
A little background:
We were poor and lived in a ghetto. We were the poorest people on my block, possibly in the whole neighborhood.
When I was about your age ( maybe a little younger ) I was really a strange kid. I built random number generators, x - ray machines and a primitive attempt at a digital computer. I worked on the circumference of an ellipse and came up with my own solution. I worked my own technique for integration. I loved curve fitting the most and it became the strongest force in my mathematical development. My brain seemed to think in terms of iteration but at the time I knew nothing of that.
It wasn't all good. I nearly electrocuted myself trying to make an electrical glass cutter. When I accidentally generated chlorine while fiddling with chemistry, I was almost asphyxiated. All this while playing basketball, chess, stickball, football and fighting everyday.
Mommym used to walk 2 miles to shop for food and at the end of the trek she would buy me a book. Back when a person could afford a book. I read most of H. G. Wells, Verne and everything about ancient history and mythology I could find before I was 13.
Nope, I just do not answer them. Like or dislike are western concepts.
I think February 14 is an illussion
Happy Valentines Day. Did you wish your Valentine a Happy day?
The next did?
seek and ye shall find
If you cannot say something nice, do not say anything at all.
I can not teach you computer science or hardly anything else. I am a bumpkin, not a teacher.
Yes, I remember that discussion. We were talking about Godzilla, clearly a big menace to society.
I was heartbroken when it was broken.
Yecch!
Bumpkins are very bumpkinny. They can be nice or mean. Wunderbar!
Girls do not like hmm.
Uh oh. Quoting me is like walking through a minefield with blindfolds on. Just should not be done.
bobbym said that? Upon what meat doth this bobbym feed that he is grown so great? I say he is an impostor, a fraud, a phoney! If he dareth argue this point with me let him show his ugly contenance in here so that I may smash it. Let him join in battle if he hath the nerve or the purpose.
It is redundant to quote yourself.
One is either a bumpkin or not.
I did not invent conscience.
I did not invent Experimental Mathematics.
I am the inventor of Kaboobly Doo.
Who is bobz? Who is he? Is he a criminal of some sort? A hater of computational math? Can you point him out, finger him so to speak, so that I may kill him?
Math is like loving someone exotic and far away. Someone that does not even know you exist. It does not get any better than that.
a guy is driving around aimlessly listening to awful sounds ( music? ) then he pulls up in front of a bar where 900 people are all gyrating to that awful music. Someone throws him a beer and now the girls rush over to him because he is so cool. Can not tell whether they are advertising beer, cars, awful music, girls or gyrating...
When the water is clear and perfectly still you can see your own reflection in it. When it is turbulent, full of rapids and bubbles you can not. Get it?
I do not have long to go but I plan to go doing math. I guess if I get an upvote on that last answer I will go up to heaven and if I get a downvote...
There are some who believe I am that old or that young. They are mistaken. I recently had a photo sent to me by a poster here with the comment,"I have found you! Now you will pay dearly. I will drain the mathematics from your melon like head."
Now do you see why I do not give out any info?
I just saw it again!
Change it to what, a stick of goo that has no nutritional value, contains rat droppings, will rot your teeth, decay your internal organs...? I do not think they will comply.
The intersection of romance and powersets is the empty set.
Too much wikipedia is bad for eyes.
M is my baby.
Call me a dummy and I will argue with you, eat my ice cream and you are dead.
I have found that the Teakettle principle can replace a brain.
Genetics baby, pure and simple. Mine are better!
Yes, perl is extremely ugly as are regular expressions.
I'm a human being. I have feelings too.
Are you looking for Miss Perfect or are you looking for a date?
I did not use pickup lines. They are and were unnecessary. My advice: just be yourself...
Questions of existence are for philosophers. He was just stating the number 3 has meaning to him, 10^10 does not.
I do not solve problems brilliantly, brilliant is a term used by math types. It is heavily dependent on their concept of beauty.
Without God's help a human being would scarcely be able to successfully tie his own shoelaces
Here are people's three main reactions:
He is a young person in his teens or younger: They will say,"Oh, how gifted you are! My kid is a complete idiot."
He is 30-45: They will say,"Wow, how do you find the time to do all that? I do not have any spare time at all because my wife is always pestering me to make more money!"
He is a senior citizen: They will say,"It is so good that you are keeping active. Since I retired I feel like I have nothing to do."
pappym used to say, "too many cooks spoil the broth," meaning that too many people trying to help, each with different styles will only confuse you. That would not be good.
Col Erich Von Hitler: Do you all know the reason why yous will never succeed bahhhhbbbbyemm?
bobbym: No why?
Col Erich Von Hitler: Becowse ya ahlwaays is working on a praahhhblem, you all can't solve.
Thaaats the difference betweens yous and mee. Eyes know whaaats to work on, problems Eyes can saahlve. That is whys Eyes is the head of this heeere installation and yours boss.
bobbym: I always thought it was because of all those guys with guns that you command.
Col Erich Von Hitler: Yous is dang funny baaaahbbyemm.
bobbym's gf; Oh, Erich you are so wonderful. I bet there is lots of things you can teach me.
bobbym: Colonel would you mind very much stepping outside and standing in front of my car?
Col Erich Von Hitler: Eyes just loves you all yankee sense of humor!
There is no affection in that person for me.
Good pixels go to heaven hooo ha. Bad pixels go on to make up the BSoD, you know it man.
There are the lyrics!
Run the code.
Woob, woob, woob...
I have never seen anyone who left this world take any part of it with them. They left their possessions, their dreams, their intellect, their memories, all of it. So you see , this world and everything in it we are just renting. We own none of it and because it is not mine I have no right to destroy it. It belongs to the big fella.
To have others underestimate you is the greatest advantage you can have.
Wrong! I am not always right, though I am always brilliant!
Eureka! I am getting smarter the older I get. In 100 years or so I will be brilliant. I wrote it all down!
Yes, it is. I lost both of my thumbs in a duel over who was the better mathematician and have trouble reaching the spacebar.
In the old days girls wore pigtails and on your desk was an inkwell filled with liquid ink that you dipped your quill pen in. Bad boys wishing to tease the girls they were in love with would dip their hair in the ink.
Maybe but they all hate broccoli and bobbym.
If you look across the street and see someone hanging an awful looking picture on their wall can you go over there and climb in the window and remove it?
Of course that result can be rigorously obtained, but who cares?
Combinatorics is Algebra and Algebra is Combinatorics.
Are you not too young to have two daughters?
How is it you remember ny insane quotes but do not remember what you post?
I have heard that people with a bit of talent assume a great talent. The greatly talented assume that they are gifted. The gifted assume genius and the geniuses assume divinity.
He is very shy and refuses to be photographed. He thinks photography is kaboobly doo.
E[xperimental]M[athmatics] is a way of life. It is based on sound principles that work everywhere.
You mean philosophy professors are sweet? I draw the line at eating other human beings. I do not care how good they taste.
I have an Uncle Joe. When I was a kid he would use judo on me ( he is a brown belt ) forcing me to beg for mercy from his lethal choke holds and kicks to the head and abdomen. Then we would play chess and he would force me to beg for mercy as he would accumulate small positional advantages reducing my position to garbage. Then we would discuss electromagnetism and he would force me to beg for mercy while he explained quantum kaboobly doo to me. You see, he had no man child of his own to destroy.
Hahhahahhahahhahahahahha! Wolfram alpha is kaboobly doo! Alpha is a tool. It does not replace your brain! It supplements your brain. Now c'mon and do what Alpha could not.
Friends come and go. You will make many more. But in the same way that yesterday came and went so will they. Do you feel bad about the fact that 6/3/2014 is gone?
One thing at a time.
That person loves someone else.
or
that person is some rock star
If you do not stop quoting me in threads I am avoiding, I will become extinct too.
bobbym, I sure do want ye to quote me when I am gone.
The first statement is ludicrous. The second one, kaboobly doo.
Happy: The problem may be solving itself.
Sad: Such solutions are usually false.
The earth is larger and more massive than any bar of soap, transparent or not.
You do not need to know very much about aerodynamics to get on a plane.
I would not worry about such things. No one will see that you have grey hair on the internet.
Do not dye your hair, just go on the internet.
Perception? J states that he is a scientist. He believes in only what he can see, hear and feel. Then he goes out into the wilderness and observes something that he has not seen before. He hears and feels it but he refuses to believe it. Why? Because that he exclaims is impossible.He denies his senses because of his preconceived notions about what is real and what is not. These preconceived notions are like programmed instructions, given to us when we are young and open to them. So you see we can not view the world differently. We can not change and just say it is something else. We have already fixed it into one small box of what we will accept and what we will not.
Your mom and God sees everything.
Around these parts there is little doubt that Einstein had little to do with the discovery of relativity or any of the other things attributed to him.
You can never be too old or too young. A person's age is irrelevant.
I am better at math than she is.
Sometimes I do not know where she is and I almost always know where I am.
I have larger feet.
Her assertion that women are smarter due to brain size is ludicrous. I never say anything ludicrous.
I would suggest doing your schoolwork. Staying here and on brilliant. Eating your vegetables. Getting your sleep. Living a moral life. Honoring your parents. Continuing your Hindu tradition. No drinking, smoking, dope or modern music. Marrying a decent girl. Doing an honest days work...
I am not Jesus.
When a guy stares at me I punch him.
If you are old and ugly, or even if you just think you are. Do not seek a brazillian plastic surgeon, join a forum and tell everyone you are young and beautiful. Pick a great looking avatar and fool everyone, just remember Yoda is already taken.
Uh guys, combinatorics was around way before computers.
Missing has everything to do with it. Is she gone? Not really!  What are you missing? A mere illusion of her presence. She is here and there everyday.
Harsh words are like sharp knives, once you throw them at somebody they can not be pulled back.
Bankers can not crack a walnut let alone RSA.
Yes, I have. I was not impressed with her abilities. What was impressive was her big mouth, a real braggart. She went to Yale, has 9 phd's, invented 3 languages, blah, blah, blah.
I told her that only men were good programmers, women can not program.
It is not meant to be understood. This is not a quadratic equation. Your human brain will not solve all problems. It is meant to be felt on some emotional level. But you can immediately apply it to your test.
Nope, a human can never be anyone else's bliss. Humans do not belong to me.
Be outgoing, smile a lot, do not act shy around girls or anyone else and people will like you. This will further increase your confidence. The result? The world will bend to your will.	